You are a person who has to fake invitations
Still delusional about winning
Do you know
This Albert
It is the most valuable music award in Asia
What kind of pheasant award do you think it is?
If you think this invitation is still fake
Just ask the corresponding personnel to check it.
You're still struggling here
Even I can see that this invitation is not right
Can't the staff see it?
Miss Jiang's invitation letter is indeed genuine
That's impossible.
His invitation doesn't even have a name
Must be fake
Sorry, Miss Jiang.
The organizers have rules
Each invitation letter has an anti-counterfeiting code on it.
As long as it is verified
Then it's absolutely true
There is no forgery.
Is this still reversed?
This ginger down
Didn't you just say it was forged?
Why don't you speak now, Miss Jiang?
Why don't you speak?
There's something wrong with this.
It's just that it hasn't been investigated for the time being.
Just wait.
Sooner or later you will be exposed